[Music]
hey if you're a fan of detective stories
here's your chance to try on Sherlock
Holmes deerstalker
no we is not trying to sneak up on Bambi
that's actually his kind of hat yeah I
had to look it up - hey you'll have just
10 seconds to crack each of these
blood-curdling crime riddles but no
pressure if you need more time to figure
out the answer you can always pause the
video remember to hit the subscription
button and ring the notification bell to
join us here on the bright side of life
here's number one a missing wife mr.
Brown's wife had gone missing a
detective came to investigate this case
mr. Brown told him the following the
last time I saw my wife was in the
morning she was having breakfast when I
returned home at 6 p.m. her breakfast
was still on the table but she had
disappeared after these words the
detective immediately arrested mr. Brown
why did he do so
time's up
when the detective arrived at the
Brown's house the breakfast was still
steaming
this means that mr. Brown had set up the
scene right before he called the police
here's number two a mysterious murder it
was a cold and rainy day Mary felt
depressed so she decided to invite some
friends over but 30 minutes after their
arrival she was found murdered the
police questioned her friends Laura said
that she hadn't had any food all day so
she had been eating at the kitchen
Hannah
informed the police that she had been
swimming in the pool
Sam remembered that he had been reading
one of Mary's books in the backyard and
Chris was painting in the living room at
the time
so who murdered Mary
[Music]
shockingly there were two murderers Anna
and Sam it was a cold and rainy day
remember how could they read and swim
outside number three a bad omen a rich
businessman once had to fly from France
to Italy it was Friday night and he was
waiting for his flight at the airport at
one point his bodyguard came up to him
and told the businessman that it would
be better to go to Italy by car it
turned out that he'd had a terrifying
dream about their plane crashing the
businessman fired The Bodyguard right
away why did he do this
[Music]
what else could he do if his bodyguard
was sleeping instead of doing his job
and protecting his employer number four
a gas leak there was an attempt on
Ethan's life somebody had organized a
gas leak in his apartment
luckily Ethan survived but he was taken
to the hospital and was still
unconscious
the police examined his apartment and
found a glove left by the criminal they
set up an ambush
since the chances were high that the
person who had wanted to kill Ethan
would return for their glove after
several hours of waiting
somebody appeared this person entered
the apartment and lit a match at this
moment the police officers came into
sight one of them insisted on arresting
the stranger but the other was sure that
although this person was suspicious he
wasn't guilty of the attempted murder
which policeman was right
[Music]
well did you sniff this one out the
policeman who stated that the man wasn't
the murderer they had been waiting for a
person who recently started a gas leak
wouldn't light a match numeral five a
rural mystery the police discovered a
dead man in a barn in the countryside
apparently he had hanged himself there
was nobody around except for several
sheep in the barn when the man was found
he was hanging four feet off the ground
the nearest wall was 15 feet away there
was no way he could have climbed up how
did he manage to hang himself the sheep
were arrested for the murder after they
confessed to the crime no that's a lie
actually the man jumped off a bale of
hay to commit suicide this hay was later
eaten by the Sheep
hey that means in the first answer the
Sheep could have made bail and gotten
out of jail number 6 a tragic camping
trip a group of friends went on a
camping trip
three of them went to pick up some brush
when they returned they found Lucy near
a burning fire dead when the police
arrived they started to question the
other three people mark Lucy's boyfriend
Kate Lucy's sister and Jess Lucy's best
friend when the officers examined their
belongings they found out that Mark had
a knife and an axe Kate had plenty of
cosmetics and Jess had a lighter a
bracelet a medical kit a jackknife and
several photos the policeman immediately
knew who the murderer was
do you know ah the murderer was Jess she
had a lot of marks photos since she was
in love with him and wanted him to be
single number seven an escape route a
man was trapped in a dark room his only
source of light was a candle there were
three doors leading out of the room
behind one of them was a tunnel that
would lead him outside behind the two
other doors were concrete walls the man
had a key that opened any of the doors
but he could only use it once still the
man managed to escape how did he do this
give up
he brought the candle to each of the
keyholes in turn near the door with the
tunnel the flame started to move number
wonder woman a girl was standing on the
windowsill washing a window in her
apartment on the 43rd floor of a
skyscraper
she finished washing the inside part and
suddenly jumped out of the window why
did she do this and how come she not
only survived but didn't even have a
scratch the girl jumped out onto the
balcony she wanted to wash the window
from the outside number 9 a train crash
there were two trains heading towards
each other they were going along the
same track and it was 7 o'clock on the
same day still the trains didn't crash
how is it possible
one of the trains was moving at 7:00
a.m. and the other at 7:00 p.m.
number 10 hostages Michael and his
family were held hostage by a criminal
in their own house
suddenly a phone started to ring the
criminal let Michael answer the phone
but he couldn't ask for help otherwise
the criminal would kill someone from his
family that's why all Michael said was
hello dad
can I help you I'm at home now and I'm
very tired if this isn't an emergency
I'll call you tomorrow now I need to
take the kids to bed surprisingly after
15 minutes the police came to the rescue
and arrested the criminal how did
Michael managed to ask his father for
help when Michael was speaking he was
pressing the mute button to silence
everything but the words help home
emergency call
so which riddle was the hardest to crack
cheer your opinion in the comments below
if you manage to solve several crimes
give us a thumbs up share this video
with your friends and join us on the
bright side of life
[Music]
[Applause]